Choice stores have two types of orders, purchase orders and general orders. Purchase orders are initiated by Lazada to the seller, who provides the supply price and ships to the specified location. Ordinary orders are orders that are generated after a buyer has made a purchase.

# Normal Orders

Ordinary orders are generated by the buyer after the order is placed and are of two types. One is orders that are fulfilled by Lazada and the other is orders that are shipped directly from the seller.

Both types of orders can be fetched using the [GetOrders API](<https://open.lazada.com/apps/doc/api?path=%2Forders%2Fget>) and viewed in order details using the [GetOrderItems](<https://open.lazada.com/apps/doc/api?path=%2Forder%2Fitems%2Fget>)/[GetMultipleOrderItems](<GetMultipleOrderItems>) API.

## How to distinguish which orders need to be shipped directly by sellers

After calling GetOrderItems/GetMultipleOrderItems API, check the biz_group field in the response. When the value of this field is 70100, it means that the order item needs to be shipped according to the process of the JIT Fulfillment by Seller document.

When the value of this field is 70020/70000, it means that the order does not need to be fulfilled manually by the seller, but is shipped from the Lazada warehouse.

### API Response Demo

PlainBashC++C#CSSDiffHTML/XMLJavaJavascriptMarkdownPHPPythonRubySQL

{

"data": [

{

......

"biz_group": 70100,

"product_id": "7940514630",

"voucher_code_platform": "",

"purchase_order_number": "",

"sku": "12312312",

"order_type": "Normal",

"order_item_id": 1381129206425020,

"shop_id": "testnidzds",

"order_flag": "NORMAL",

"is_fbl": 1,

"name": "localjit testlocaljit test",

"delivery_option_sof": 0,

"order_id": 1381129206325020,

"fulfillment_sla": "Kirim secepat mungkin_null_null",

"status": "pending",

"paid_price": 10471,

"warehouse_code": "RMCW-CHOICEJIT-ID-001",

"shipping_type": "Own Warehouse",

"created_at": "2024-02-29 14:59:56 +0700",

"supply_price": 12,

"voucher_seller_lpi": 0,

......

}

],

"code": "0",

"request_id": "210030a417104845773924739"

}

# Purchase orders(PO)

PO is an order with lazada sourcing, which is sourced by lazada after the seller provides the supply price. Seller needs to send PO to specified warehouse within specified SLA.

You can call the [QueryListJitPurchaseOrder API](<https://open.lazada.com/apps/doc/api?path=%2Fjit%2Fpurchase_order%2Fquery_list>) to query the PO list.